heist wire gamblers advisory calm
remember the opinion you should follow
should be your own just consider this
video to be a second opinion from a
complete stranger online there's a huge
heavyweight fight happening in Texas of
all places this weekend between odd
linear Solis the heavyweight that I
believe has the best chance to be both
Klitschkos and he's taken on Constantine
erage now before I get to that fight let
me just say that while I was researching
this fight i came across preposterous
footage that anyone who thinks that
boxing is an honest sport needs to look
at its footage of constantine ii ridges
2008 fight against the brixton bomber
the united kingdom's danny williams
let's just say that fight is ludicrous
the footage is so ridiculous that i've
placed it on my youtube channel page in
the fight what you'll see most notably
is in the sixth round as Danny Green
excuse me Danny Williams goes in for the
kill on Constantine erage you will see
him supposedly run out of time they
actually ring the bell to end the round
there's only one problem there's more
than half the round left it's a full
minute and thirty odd seconds left in
that round right in other words as erage
is about to get knocked out he
ultimately gets stopped in the next
round but as he's about to get knocked
out the bring keeper who we later find
out was either a riches promoter or his
manager a mad
owner apparently rings the bell to end
the round that's one way to stop your
fighter from getting hurt it's even more
ridiculous than that earlier in the
fight Danny Williams is gloves literally
unraveling the tape is hanging off of
his hand the referee doesn't stop the
fight to cut the tape will understand
this continues until it's you know
there's at least a foot of tape hanging
from Williams's glove and still the
referee who quite frankly is one of the
worst referees I've ever come across and
I don't have a lot of high expectations
for referees the referee continues to
allow the fight to go forward right you
know forget the fact that if this piece
of tape ever flicked up it could
literally blind one of the fighters
nonetheless the referee let's that fight
continued also the fight has other
problems it's an eight round fight
believe it or not the referees first
point deductions in the fight are
against Danny Williams and he deducts
two points this is his first deduction
doesn't the duck one point he deducts
two points from danny williams for a low
blow in an eight round fight fights
easily one of the most preposterous
pieces of footage I've ever seen in
following boxing I would encourage
everyone to take a look at it it's that
rare fight just like the recent Enzo
macaroon le fight where a fighter gets
hurt looks like he's on his way to get
taken out and then inexplicably they end
the round early here it's preposterous
in any event let me get back to the
fight I'm talking about here I don't
like to gamble on boxers coming back
from injuries and here odd linear Solis
is coming back
literally from a blown-out me a torn ACL
so this fight has high risk written all
over it still just from a fan
perspective I'm expecting Solis who is a
superior talent I'm expecting Solis to
walk down Constantine eric eric is a
mid-range hooker he likes to bang he's
right in front of you he depends on an
ability to come forward to walk you down
right he actually hurts Danny Williams
early in their match here's the problem
and this is why Solis is such an
excellent fighter salisa's defense is
exemplary his ability to come forward
behind a defensive guard and to hurt you
with short targeted punches really gives
him the ability to walk down even a
mid-range hooker like Constantine Eric
now understand erage is not a stiff he
has some European heavyweight title and
of course Solis hasn't fought for more
than a year but I'm expecting salisa's
talent to rule the day I'm expecting him
to walk down Constantine Eric it's only
a 10 round fight I'll be surprised if
erage isn't systematically destroyed as
this fight goes along let me also point
out too that because Solis relies more
on skills than athleticism don't rule
out the possibility that he gets a
rematch with bitterly Klitschko before
vide retires understand little e kit
Klitschko is a guy who cares deeply
about his legacy he's chasing Lennox
Lewis for a rematch even today right if
the boxing public
demands a rematch of their earlier fight
which quite frankly looked promising
until the Solis knee injury I would not
be surprised if nidalee Klitschko
accepts that challenge I believe Solis
as long as he has his stamina up would
still even today post-surgery on the
knee give Vitaly all he can handle let
me know what you think I'm expecting
this to be a guy with a high guard
excellent timing an ability to come
forward behind that high guard to catch
the hooks on his forearms and shoulders
and to dole out very hard short punches
I'm expecting that guy on linear Solis
to walk down a puncher right erage has a
punch he calls himself the Sandman but a
puncher who doesn't have a lot of boxing
ability to win a decision if he doesn't
take you out I like Solis in this one
let me know what you think leave your
comments for me here online visit us at
gamblers advisory com thanks for
watching